Release process doc (#589)
Comcast/kuberhealthy: docs/RELEASE.md

## Kuberhealthy Release Process

To release a new version of Kuberhealthy:

1. Ensure that all issues in the release milestone are completed
1. Verify that the master branch has all the latest changes that have been tested and verified
1. After any running `Build and Push kuberhealthy Latest` action is completed, test the image `kuberhealthy/kuberhealthy:latest` to validate the release
1. If the release looks good, tag it with the new upcoming version and push it to docker hub:
    ```
    docker pull kuberhealthy/kuberhealthy:latest

>     docker tag kuberhealthy/kuberhealthy:latest kuberhealthy/kuberhealthy:v2.3.4
>     docker push kuberhealthy/kuberhealthy:v2.3.4

Author: ```suggestion
    docker tag kuberhealthy/kuberhealthy:latest kuberhealthy/kuberhealthy:{release_version}
    docker push kuberhealthy/kuberhealthy:{release_version}
```

Author: this is just a nitpick suggestion

    - Update the `TAG` in the [Makefile](../cmd/kuberhealthy/Makefile)
    - In the Kuberhealthy project directory, run `make build` to build the image
    
3. Test the new image locally:
    - Install Kuberhealthy locally running the installation command found [here](../README.md#installation)
    - Make sure to supply your own [values.yaml](../deploy/helm/kuberhealthy/values.yaml), updating the `image.tag` to the new release imag tag and and `deployment.imagePullPolicy` to `Never`
    - Wait for all the kuberhealthy checks to come up and run as expected
    
4. Push image to [Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/kuberhealthy/kuberhealthy)
    - In the Kuberhealthy project directory, run `make push` to push the image

5. Soak test in lab and prod for several days

6. Create a PR updating the project with the latest Kuberhealthy tag:
    - [Makefile](../cmd/kuberhealthy/Makefile)
    - Helm [values.yaml](../deploy/helm/kuberhealthy/values.yaml)
    - Integration test values [values.yaml](../.ci/values.yaml)
    - Once the PR is merged, make sure the Flat File Generation PR is also merged -- this updates the deployment flat spec files with the latest Kuberhealthy release image tag

> 7. Write up and publish release notes, giving an update / latest changes from the last release: new *Kuberhealthy Checks* (if any), new *Features*, and *Bug Fixes*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Write up release notes, giving an update / latest changes from the last release: new *Kuberhealthy Checks* (if any), new *Features*, and *Bug Fixes*.  Go into Github and create a new release with the appropriate version and change notes in the body.
```

    - Tag the issue and pr as well as the contributor to the release notes

>  

Reviewer: What about creating a tag in github?  This says to publish notes, but does not talk about the tag that gets created.
